[Draft] Zilliqa relayer implementation (#1)
polynetwork/zilliqa-relayer: README.md

# zilliqa-relayer

*This program is still under developing!*

> Zilliqa Relayer is an important character of Poly cross-chain interactive protocol which is responsible for relaying cross-chain transaction from and to Zilliqa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zilliqa Relayer is an important character of PolyNetwork cross-chain interactive protocol which is responsible for relaying cross-chain transaction from and to Zilliqa.
```

## Build From Source

### Prerequisites

- [Golang](https://golang.org/doc/install) version 1.14 or later

### Build

```shell
git clone https://github.com/polynetwork/zil-relayer.git
cd zil-relayer
./build.sh
```

After building the source code successfully,  you should see the executable program `zilliqa-relayer`.

### Build Docker Image

```
docker build -t polynetwork/zilliqa-relayer .
```

This command will copy config.yaml to /app/config.yaml in the image. So you need to prepare config.yaml before running this command and you should start the zilliqa-relayer in container basing on the configuration in /app/config.yaml.

## Run Relayer

> Before you can run the relayer you will need to create a wallet file of PolyNetwork by running(build Poly CLI first):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can run the relayer you will need to create a keystore file for PolyNetwork by running the following command:
Note: You will need to build and use Poly CLI
```

```shell
./poly account add -d
```

> After creation, you need to register it as a Relayer to Poly net and get consensus nodes approving your registeration. And then you can send transaction to Poly net and start relaying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creation, you need to register it as a Relayer to PolyNetwork and get consensus nodes approving your registration. Afterwhich,  you can start sending transactions to PolyNetwork and start relaying it.
```

Before running, you need feed the configuration file `config.yaml`.

```yaml
zil_config:
  zil_api: https://api.zilliqa.com

>   zil_chain_id: 111

Reviewer: should be chain_id 1

```
# Relayer Container Administration
## Running the Relayer Container 
### Prerequisites:
If you are running via docker-compose, you'll need to install docker-compose first via the following guide:
```
https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/
```

You need the following files and folders created: <br />
If persistence is already created:
```
./persistence/bolt.bin
```
If persistence folder is not created:
```
create a folder named 'persistence'. The container will use that folder to store the bolt.bin file.
```
Configuration Files:
```
secrets/config.local.yaml
secrets/target_contracts.json
secrets/poly.wallet
secrets/zilliqa.wallet
```
### Running Relayer via Docker Container
```
./docker-run
```

### Running Relayer via Docker Compose
```
docker-compose up -d
```
## Stopping the Relayer
### Stopping Relayer via Docker Container
```
docker stop zilliqa-relayer && docker rm zilliqa-relayer
```
### Stopping Relayer via Docker Compose
```
docker-compose down
```
## Getting logs
```
docker logs -f zilliqa-relayer
```

> ## Other Resources

Reviewer: update the resource to the latest repo
